so
see
Sydney of Angel lonely hello YouTube
thank you very much for joining in I
have a great story to share with you
true story for my program i saw the BBC
really wonderful stuff how will it look
at this but to one of our guests the
author lorna burn can see many ball
beings than that she says everyone here
is accompanied by an angel we're just
not prepared to listen to them should we
listen to the angels loan and welcome to
the program your your book has been
tremendously successful on Sunday Times
bestseller I think it's number number
number five today you've lectured all
around the world what can you see right
now and I suppose one one thing to tell
you all I see the audience here and
there are wonderful audience but as well
I see your guardian angel physically
behind each and every one of you and it
doesn't matter what religion you are
what nationality or whether you believe
or not even if you say you don't believe
in God you believe in nothing and you
have a guardian angel that God has given
you as a gift and to me you know given
that one message all around the world
this actually helping people to to be
kinder to each other to be nicer it's
join people together and it's helping
you know I hear from so many young
people you know especially young men I
don't know by young men and saying that
now they realize they have a guardian
angel so you're going to be good yeah
yeah which is nobody is it's good really
so we have guardian angels and there are
other angels as well yes I see other
angels as well there's other angels here
as well and I'm looking at the audience
so that I won't be distracted too much
Oh
so yeah angels isn't it wonderful it
must be all true then in the end um how
other do you get to choose your own
angel I'd love to choose her up my own
angel some famous let me try with hard
Jesus Christ no it was actually a friend
Wow yeah okay justice overwhelming I got
the king so here's a little bit more I
love this darling on what can you see
off do I have a gardener you have useful
guardian angel I start my editor in my
earpiece it's no it's not trying to do
it was my guardian angel look like and
you're golden angel is actually giving a
meal of male appearance now only 24
angels give a human appearance within
themselves I wouldn't be able to
describe them they're very very
beautiful they neither male nor female
but they do that for us and are they big
yes hmm their own daughters have a girl
I don't want to respond to hear that I'm
just asking this Douglas of a gardening
Douglas does have a guardian angel and I
I know he he doesn't believe but that
doesn't matter hey this is guardian
angel look happy miss Goren angel
actually is looking down and is quite
contented with him right happy with him
you have to remember i have never seen
any guardian angel or any angel being
you know annoyed with us they seem to
never give up on us they keep on on
encouraging us and one thing we must
remember it's your guardian angel but
you believe in God or not is a gift from
God ya doing so the king oh can I call
the others listen if you with me all the
time um well I need to take a or
play with myself or indeed play with my
wife I don't read fancy a threesome um
are you going to be there no you don't
worry about that man you just carry on
carry on so there you are everybody it's
all true guardian angels I hope you find
yours bye-bye so it's all absolutely
true everybody you all you believe what
you want you get one thing straight i
aint day I may
Asians on Elvis I'm the king and night
now I'm looking at the sky's the limit
you take care of
you